♪ Kiss me goodbye and
write me while I'm gone ♪
♪ Goodbye, my sweetheart
hello, Vietham ♪
♪ America has heard
the bugle call ♪
♪ And you know it
involves us one and all ♪
♪ I don't suppose that
war will ever end ♪
♪ There's fighting that
will break us up again ♪
♪ Goodbye, my darling
hello, Vietham ♪
♪ A hill to take, a
battle to be won ♪
♪ Kiss me goodbye and
write me while I'm gone ♪
♪ Goodbye, my sweetheart
hello, Vietham ♪
I am Gunnery Sergeant Hartman,
your senior drill instructor.
From now on, you will speak
only when spoken to...
and the first and
last words out of
your filthy sewers will be "sir."
Do you maggots understand that?
Sir, yes, sir.
Bullshit. I can't hear you.
Sound off like you got a pair.
Sir, yes, sir.
If you ladies leave my island, if
you survive recruit training...
you will be a weapon.
You will be a minister of
death praying for war.
But until that day, you are pukes.
You are the lowest
form of life on Earth.
You are not even
human-fucking-beings.
You are nothing but unorganised,
grabasstic pieces
of amphibian shit.
Because I am hard, you
will not like me.
But the more you hate me,
the more you will learn.
I am hard but I am fair.
There is no racial bigotry here.
I do not look down on niggers,
kikes, wops or greasers.
Here, you are all
equally worthless.
And my orders are to weed
out all non-hackers...
who do not pack the gear to
serve in my beloved Corps.
Do you maggots understand that?
Sir, yes, sir.
Bullshit. I can't hear you.
- What's your name, scumbag?
- Sir, Private Brown, sir.
Bullshit. From now on
you're Private Snowball.
- Do you like that name?
- Sir, yes, sir.
Well, there's one thing that
you won't like, Snowball:
They don't serve fried
chicken and watermelon...
on a daily basis in my mess hall.
Sir, yes, sir.
Is that you, John
Wayne? Is this me?
Who said that?
Who the fuck said that?
Who's the slimy little
communist-shit,
twinkle-toed cocksucker
down here...
who just signed his
own death warrant?
Nobody, huh?
The fairy-fucking-godmother
said it. Out-fucking-standing.
I will P. T. You all
until you fucking die.
I'll P. T. You until your
assholes are sucking buttermilk.
Was it you, you
scroungy little fuck?
Sir, no, sir.
You piece of shit. You look like a
fucking worm. I'll bet it was you.
- Sir, no, sir.
- Sir, I said it, sir.
Well, no shit.
What have we got here? A fucking
comedian. Private Joker.
I admire your honesty.
Hell, I like you.
You can come over
to my house and fuck my sister.
You little scumbag. I've got
your name. I've got your ass.
You will not laugh.
You will not cry.
You will learn by the
numbers. I will teach you.
Now get up. Get on your feet.
You best unfuck yourself
or I will unscrew
your head and shit down your neck.
Sir, yes, sir.
Private Joker, why did
you join my Corps?
- Sir, to kill, sir.
- So you're a killer?
- Sir, yes, sir.
- Let me see your war face.
- Sir?
- You've got a war face?
That's a war face. Now let
me see your war face.
Bullshit. You didn't convince me.
Let me see your real war face.
You don't scare me. Work on it.
Sir, yes, sir.
What's your excuse?
Sir, excuse for what, sir?
I'm asking the fucking questions,
private. Do you understand?
- Sir, yes, sir.
- Well, thank you very much.
- Can I be in charge for a while?
- Sir, yes, sir.
Are you shook-up? Are you nervous?
Sir, I am, sir.
- Do I make you nervous?
- Sir...
Sir what? Were you about
to call me an asshole?
- Sir, no, sir.
- How tall are you, private?
Sir, 5'9", sir.
Five-foot-9. I didn't know
they stacked shit that high.
You trying to squeeze an
inch in on me somewhere?
Sir, no, sir.
Bullshit. It looks like
the best part of you...
ran down the crack of
your mama's ass and
ended up as a stain
on the mattress.
I think you've been cheated.
Where the hell are
you from, private?
- Sir, Texas, sir.
- Holy dogshit. Texas?
Only steers and queers come
from Texas, Private Cowboy.
And you don't much
look like a steer to
me, so that kind of
narrows it down.
- Do you suck dicks?
- Sir, no, sir.
- Are you a peter puffer?
I'll bet you would fuck
a person in the ass...
and not even have
the goddamn common
courtesy to give him
a reach around.
I'll be watching you.
Did your parents have any
children that lived?
- Sir, yes, sir.
- I'll bet they regret that.
You're so ugly you could be
a modern-art masterpiece.
- What's your name, fat-body?
- Sir, Leonard Lawrence, sir.
Lawrence? Lawrence
what, of Arabia?
Sir, no, sir.
That name sounds like
royalty. You royalty?
- Sir, no, sir.
- Do you suck dicks?
Sir, no, sir.
Bullshit. I'll bet you
could suck a golf ball...
- through a garden hose.
- Sir, no, sir.
I don't like the name Lawrence.
Only faggots and sailors
are called Lawrence.
- From now on you're Gomer Pyle.
- Sir, yes, sir.
Do you think I'm cute, Private
Pyle? You think I'm funny?
Sir, no, sir.
Wipe that disgusting
grin off your face.
Sir, yes, sir.
Well, any-fucking-time,
sweetheart.
Sir, I'm trying, sir.
Private Pyle, I'll give
you three seconds...
exactly three fucking seconds...
to wipe that stupid-looking
grin off your face...
or I will gouge out your
eyeballs and skull-fuck you.
One. Two. Three.
Sir, I can't help it, sir.
Bullshit. Get on
your knees, scumbag.
Now choke yourself.
Goddamn it, with my
hand, numb-nuts.
Don't pull my fucking hand over
there. I said, choke yourself.
Now lean forward and
choke yourself.
- Are you through grinning?
- Sir, yes, sir.
Bullshit. I can't hear you.
Sir, yes, sir.
Bullshit. I still can't hear you.
Sound off like you've got a pair.
Sir, yes, sir.
That's enough. Get on your feet.
Pyle, you had best
square your ass away and
start shitting me
Tiffany cuff links...
or I will definitely fuck you up.
Sir, yes, sir.
Left, right, left, right
left, right, left.
Left, right, left, right, left.
Left, right, left, right, left...
Parris Island, South Carolina...
the United States Marine
Corps Recruit Depot.
An eight-week college for the
phoney-tough and the crazy-brave.
Mama and Papa were laying in bed
Mama rolled over And
this is what she said
Mama rolled over,
- Oh, give me some, give me some
- P. T.
- Good for you
- And good for me
- Good
Up in the morning
to the rising sun
going to run all day
till the running's done
Ho Chi Minh is a son of a bitch
Got the blue balls, crabs
And the seven-year itch
Left, right, left, right, left.
Your left shoulder.
Left, right, left. Port.
Left, right. Attack. Halt.
Left shoulder.
Private Pyle, what are you trying
to do to my beloved Corps?
- Sir, I don't know, sir.
- You are dumb, Private Pyle...
but do you expect
me to believe that
you don't know left from right?
- Sir, no, sir.
- Then you did that on purpose.
- You wanna be different.
- Sir, no, sir.
What side was that, Private Pyle?
Sir, left side, sir.
- Are you sure, Private Pyle?
- Sir, yes, sir.
What side was that, Private Pyle?
Sir, right side, sir.
Don't fuck with me again, Pyle.
Pick up your fucking cover.
Sir, yes, sir.
Your left shoulder.
Left, right, left. Port.
Left shoulder.
Your right shoulder.
Left, right, left, right.
Your left shoulder.
Left, two, three, four.
Your right shoulder.
Tonight you pukes will
sleep with your rifles.
You will give your
rifle a girl's name.
Because this is the only pussy
you people are going to get.
Your days of finger-banging
old Mary Jane Rottencrotch...
through her purty pink
panties are over.
You're married to this piece.
This weapon of iron and wood.
And you will be faithful.
Arms.
Prepare to mount.
Mount.
Port.
Pray.
This is my rifle.
There are many like it,
but this one is mine.
My rifle is my best friend.
It is my life.
I must master it as I
must master my life.
Without me, my rifle is useless.
Without my rifle, I am useless.
I must fire my rifle true.
I must shoot straighter than my
enemy, who is trying to kill me.
I must shoot him
before he shoots me.
I will.
Before God, I swear this creed.
My rifle and myself are
defenders of my country.
We are the masters of our enemy.
We are the saviours of my life.
So be it until there is
no enemy, but peace.
Amen.
Arm.
At ease.
Good night, ladies.
Good night, sir.
- Hit it, sweetheart.
- Sir, aye, aye, sir.
Right shoulder.
That is not your daddy's
shotgun, Cowboy.
Left shoulder.
Move the rifle around your head,
not your head around the rifle.
Port.
Four inches from your
chest, Pyle. Four inches.
This is my rifle, this is my gun
This is for fighting,
this is for fun
This is my rifle, this is my gun
This is for fighting,
this is for fun
This is my rifle, this is my gun
This is for fighting,
this is for fun
This is my rifle, this is my gun
This is for fighting,
this is for fun
This is my rifle, this is my gun
This is for fighting,
this is for fun
You're bouncing.
T en fucking seconds.
It should take you no
less than 10 fucking
seconds to negotiate
this obstacle.
Quickly, move it out.
There ain't one
swinging-dick private
in this platoon's
going to graduate...
until they can get
this obstacle down
to less than 10 fucking seconds.
Next two privates. Quickly.
Get over that goddamn
obstacle. Move it.
Next two privates. Quickly.
Hurry up. Get up there.
- Private Joker, are you a killer?
- Sir, yes, sir.
Let me hear your war cry.
Next two privates, go. Quickly.
Get your fat ass over
there, Private Pyle.
Oh, that's right, Private Pyle.
Don't make any fucking
effort to get
up to the top of the
fucking obstacle.
If God wanted you up
there, he would have
miracled your ass up
by now, wouldn't he?
- Sir, yes, sir.
- Get your fat ass up there, Pyle.
- What is the matter with you?
I'll bet if there was
some pussy up there on
top of that obstacle,
you could get up there.
- Couldn't you?
- Sir, yes, sir.
Your ass looks like
about 150 pounds of
chewed bubble gum.
Do you know that?
Sir, yes, sir.
One for the commandant.
One for the Corps.
Get up there. Pull.
I guess the Corps don't get
theirs. Get up there, Pyle.
Pull. Pull, Pyle, pull.
One pull-up, Pyle. Come on, pull.
You got to be shitting me,
Pyle. Get your ass up there.
Do you mean to tell me that you
cannot do one single pull-up?
You are a worthless piece of
shit, Pyle. Get out of my face.
Get up there, Snowball.
Get up here, fat-boy.
Quickly. Move it up. Move
it up, Pyle. Move it up.
You climb obstacles
like old people
fuck. Do you know
that, Private Pyle?
Get up here. You're too
slow. Move it. Move it.
Private Pyle, whatever
you do, don't fall down.
That would break my fucking heart.
Quickly. Up and over. Up and over.
Well, what in the fuck are you
waiting for, Private Pyle?
Get up and over. Move
it, move it, move it.
Are you quitting on me?
Well, are you?
Then quit, you slimy fucking
walrus-looking piece of shit.
Get the fuck off my obstacle.
Get the fuck down off my obstacle.
Now. Move it.
I'm going to rip your
balls off so you
cannot contaminate the
rest of the world.
I will motivate you,
Private Pyle...
if it short-dicks every
cannibal on the Congo.
Pick them up and set
them down, Pyle.
Quickly. Move it out.
Were you born a fat,
slimy, scumbag
puke piece of shit, Private Pyle?
Or did you have to work on it?
Move it up. Quickly. Hustle up.
The fucking war will
be over by the time
we get out there, won't
it, Private Pyle?
Move it.
Are you going to fucking die,
Pyle? Are you going to die on me?
Do it now.
Move it up. Hustle it up.
Quickly, quickly, quickly.
Do you feel dizzy?
Do you feel faint?
Jesus H. Christ, I think
you've got a hard-on.
Quickly, ladies. Assholes
and elbows. Move it out.
Get up here.
Move it. Move it,
move it, move it.
Quickly.
Quickly. Get up here.
Hurry up. Move it out.
Reveille. Reveille. Reveille.
Drop your cocks and
grab your socks.
Today is Sunday. Divine
worship at 08:00.
Get your bunks made and
get your uniforms on.
Police call will
commence in two minutes.
Private Cowboy, Private Joker.
- Sir, yes, sir.
As soon as you
finish your bunks, I
want you two turds
to clean the head.
- Sir, aye, aye, sir.
- I want that head so sanitary...
that the Virgin Mary
herself would be
proud to go in there
and take a dump.
- Sir, yes, sir.
Private Joker, do you
believe in the Virgin Mary?
Sir, no, sir.
Well, Private Joker, I don't
believe I heard you correctly.
Sir, the private said,
"No, sir," sir.
Why, you little maggot.
You make me wanna vomit.
You goddamn communist
heathen. Sound
off that you love
the Virgin Mary...
or I'm going to stomp
your guts out.
Now, you do love the
Virgin Mary, don't you?
Sir, negative, sir.
Private Joker, are you
trying to offend me?
Sir, negative, sir.
Sir, the private believes that any
answer he gives will be wrong...
and the senior drill
instructor will beat
him harder if he
reverses himself, sir.
Who's your squad leader, scumbag?
Sir, the private's squad leader
is Private Snowball, sir.
Private Snowball.
Sir, Private Snowball
reporting as ordered, sir.
Private Snowball,
you're fired. Private
Joker is promoted to squad leader.
- Sir, aye, aye, sir.
- Disappear, scumbag.
- Private Pyle.
Sir, Private Pyle reporting
as ordered, sir.
From now on...
Private Joker is your new squad
leader and you will bunk with him.
He'll teach you everything.
- He'll teach you how to pee.
- Sir, yes, sir.
Private Joker is silly
and he's ignorant,
but he's got guts
and guts is enough.
Now, you ladies, carry on.
Sir, aye, aye, sir.
The bolt. The bolt
goes in the receiver.
Operating-rod handle.
Operating-rod guide.
And the left one over the right.
Right one over the left.
Left one over the right.
The right one over the left.
Just throw your other leg over.
Attaboy.
That's it. Now just pull the next
one over and you're home free.
Ready?
Just throw it over.
Attaboy.
Set it down.
All right?
There you go.
Congratulations, Leonard.
You did it.
Fold the blanket and the
sheet back together.
Make a four-inch fold.
Okay? Got it?
You do it.
Right shoulder.
Your left shoulder.
Port.
Order.
Your right shoulder.
Square these weapons away.
My Corps' arms should
be parallel to the...
The deadliest weapon
in the world...
is a Marine and his rifle.
It is your killer instinct
which must be harnessed...
if you expect to
survive in combat.
Your rifle is only a tool.
It is a hard heart that kills.
If your killer instincts are
not clean and strong...
you will hesitate at
the moment of truth.
You will not kill.
You will become dead-Marine.
And then you will be
in a world of shit.
Because Marines...
are not allowed to die
without permission.
Do you maggots understand?
Sir, yes, sir.
I love working for Uncle Sam
Lets me know just who I am
One, two, three, four
United States Marine Corps
One, two, three, four I
love the Marine Corps
My Corps - My Corps
- Your Corps
- Our Corps
- Marine Corps
I don't know, but I've been told
Eskimo pussy is mighty cold
- Good
- Feels good
- Is good
- Real good
- Tastes good
- Mighty good
- Good for you
- Good for me
Trim them.
Toe jam.
Pop that blister.
Jesus H. Christ.
Private Pyle, why is your
footlocker unlocked?
Sir, I don't know, sir.
Private Pyle, if there is one
thing in this world that I hate...
it is an unlocked footlocker.
You know that, don't you?
Sir, yes, sir.
If it wasn't for
dickheads like you...
there wouldn't be thievery
in the world, would there?
- Sir, no, sir.
- Get down.
Well, now, let's just see if
there's anything missing.
Holy Jesus.
What is that?
What the fuck is that?
What is that, Private Pyle?
Sir, a jelly doughnut, sir.
- A jelly doughnut?
- Sir, yes, sir.
How did it get here?
Sir, I took it from
the mess hall, sir.
Is chow allowed in the
barracks, Private Pyle?
Sir, no, sir.
Are you allowed to eat jelly
doughnuts, Private Pyle?
- Sir, no, sir.
- And why not, Private Pyle?
Sir, because I'm too heavy, sir.
Because you are a disgusting
fat-body, Private Pyle?
Sir, yes, sir.
Then why did you hide
a jelly doughnut
in your footlocker, Private Pyle?
Sir, because I was hungry, sir.
Because you were hungry.
Private Pyle has
dishonoured himself...
and dishonoured the platoon.
I have tried to help him,
but I have failed.
I have failed because
you have not helped me.
You people have not
given Private Pyle...
the proper motivation.
So from now on, whenever
Private Pyle fucks up...
I will not punish him.
I will punish all of you.
And the way I see it, ladies...
you owe me for one jelly doughnut.
Now get on your faces.
Open your mouth.
They're paying for it, you eat it.
Ready, exercise.
One, two, three, four
I love the Marine Corps
One, two, three, four...
You really look like
shit today, Leonard.
Joker.
Everybody hates me now.
Even you.
Nobody hates you, Leonard.
You just keep making mistakes.
Getting everybody in trouble.
I can't do anything right.
I need help.
I'm trying to help you, Leonard.
I'm really trying.
Tuck your shirt in.
One, two, three, 19.
One, two, three, 20.
One, two, three, 21.
One, two, three, 22.
One, two, three, 23.
One, two, three, 24.
One, two, three, 25.
One, two, three, 26.
One, two, three, 27.
One, two, three, 28.
One, two, three, 29.
One, two, three, 30.
Do it.
Remember, it's just a
bad dream, fat-boy.
Port.
Left shoulder.
Right shoulder.
Port.
Do we love our beloved
Corps, ladies?
Semper fi, do or die. Gung
ho. Gung ho. Gung ho.
What makes the grass grow?
Blood, blood, blood.
What do we do for
a living, ladies?
Kill, kill, kill.
I can't hear you.
Bullshit. I still can't hear you.
Kill, kill, kill.
Do any of you people know
who Charles Whitman was?
None of you dumb-asses knows?
Private Cowboy.
Sir, he was that guy
who shot all those
people from that tower
in Austin, Texas, sir.
That's affirmative. Charles
Whitman killed 12 people...
from a 28-story observation tower
at the University of Texas.
From distances of up to 400 yards.
Anybody know who Lee
Harvey Oswald was?
Private Snowball.
Sir, he shot Kennedy, sir.
That's right. And do you
know how far away he was?
Sir, he was pretty far. From that
book-suppository building, sir.
All right, knock it off.
Two hundred and fifty feet.
He was 250 feet away and
shooting at a moving target.
Oswald got off three
rounds with an old Italian
bolt-action rifle in
only six seconds...
and scored two hits,
including a head shot.
Do any of you people
know where these
individuals learnt how to shoot?
Private Joker.
Sir, in the Marines, sir.
In the Marines. Outstanding.
Those individuals showed what one
motivated Marine and
his rifle can do.
And before you ladies
leave my island...
you will all be able
to do the same thing.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday, dear Jesus ♪
Today...
is Christmas.
There will be a
magic show at 09:30.
Chaplain Charlie will tell you...
about how the free world
will conquer communism...
with the aid of God
and a few Marines.
God has a hard-on for Marines...
because we kill everything we see.
He plays his games...
we play ours.
To show our appreciation
for so much power...
we keep heaven packed
with fresh souls.
God was here before
the Marine Corps.
So you can give your
heart to Jesus...
but your ass belongs to the Corps.
Do you ladies understand?
- Sir, yes, sir.
- I can't hear you.
Sir, yes, sir.
It's been swabbed and brushed.
Everything...
is clean.
Beautiful.
So that it slides perfect.
Nice.
Everything clean.
Oiled.
So that your action is beautiful.
Smooth Charlene.
Leonard talks to his rifle.
Yeah.
I don't think Leonard
can hack it any more.
I think Leonard's a Section Eight.
It don't surprise me.
I wanna slip my tube
steak into your sister.
What will you take in trade?
What do you got?
Outstanding, Private Pyle.
I think we finally found
something that you do well.
Sir, yes, sir.
What's your sixth general order?
Sir, the sixth general order
is to receive and obey...
and pass on to the sentry
who relieves me...
all orders...
Sir, the private's
sixth general...
The private has been
instructed but does not know.
You slimy scumbag, get on
your face and give me 25.
Sir, aye, aye, sir.
How many counts in that
movement you just executed?
Sir, four counts, sir.
What's the idea of
looking in the chamber?
Sir, to guarantee the
private is not giving
the inspecting officer
a loaded weapon, sir.
What's your fifth general order?
Sir, the fifth general
order is to quit
my post only when
properly relieved, sir.
What's this weapon's
name, Private Pyle?
Sir, the private's weapon's
name is Charlene, sir.
Private Pyle, you are
definitely born-again hard.
Hell, I may even
allow you to serve
as a rifleman in my beloved Corps.
Sir, yes, sir.
I don't want no teenage queen
I just want my M14
If I die in a combat zone
Box me up and ship me home
Pin my medals upon my chest
Tell my mum I done my best
Graduation is only
a few days away...
and the recruits of
Platoon 3092 are salty.
They are ready to eat their
own guts and ask for seconds.
The drill instructors
are proud to see
that we are growing
beyond their control.
The Marine Corps does
not want robots.
The Marine Corps wants killers.
The Marine Corps wants to
build indestructible men.
Men without fear.
Today, you people are
no longer maggots.
Today, you are Marines.
You're part of a brotherhood.
From now on, until
the day you die...
wherever you are...
every Marine is your brother.
Most of you will go to Vietnam.
Some of you will not come back.
But always remember this:
Marines die.
That's what we're here for.
But the Marine Corps
lives forever...
and that means you live forever.
- Peckett.
- Sir, yes, sir.
0300, Infantry.
- Toe Jam.
- Sir, yes, sir.
0300, Infantry.
- Adams.
- Sir, yes, sir.
1800, Engineers.
You go out and find mines.
- Cowboy.
- Sir, yes, sir.
0300, Infantry.
- Taylor.
- Sir, yes, sir.
0300, Infantry.
- Joker.
- Sir, yes, sir.
4212, Basic Military Journalism.
You got to be shitting me, Joker.
You think you're Mickey Spillane?
You think you're some
kind of fucking writer?
Sir, I wrote for my high
school newspaper, sir.
Jesus H. Christ. You're not
a writer, you're a killer.
A killer, yes, sir.
Gomer Pyle.
- Gomer Pyle.
- Sir, yes, sir.
You forget your fucking name?
0300, Infantry. You made it.
- Perkins.
- Sir, yes, sir.
Our last night on the island.
I draw fire watch.
Hi, Joker.
Are those live rounds?
Seven-six-two millimetre.
Full metal jacket.
Leonard...
if Hartman comes in
here and catches us...
we'll both be in a world of shit.
I am...
in a world...
of shit.
Left shoulder.
Right shoulder.
Lock and load.
Order.
This is my rifle.
There are many like it,
but this one is mine.
My rifle is my best
friend. It is my life.
Get back in your bunks.
What is this Mickey Mouse shit?
What in the name
of Jesus H. Christ
are you animals doing in my head?
Why is Private Pyle out of
his bunk after lights out?
Why is Private Pyle
holding that weapon?
Why aren't you stomping
Private Pyle's guts out?
Sir, it is the private's duty to
inform the senior
drill instructor...
that Private Pyle
has a full magazine
and has locked and loaded, sir.
Now you listen to
me, Private Pyle...
and you listen good.
I want that weapon...
and I want it now.
You will place that rifle
on the deck at your feet...
and step back away from it.
What is your major
malfunction, numb-nuts?
Didn't Mummy and Daddy
show you enough
attention when you were a child?
Easy, Leonard.
Go easy, man.
No.
♪ You keep saying you've
got something for me ♪
♪ Something you call
love, but confess ♪
♪ You've been a messing where you
shouldn't have been a messing ♪
♪ And now someone else is
getting all your best ♪
♪ These boots are
made for walking ♪
♪ And that's just
what they'll do ♪
♪ One of these days these
boots are going to ♪
Hey, baby.
You got girlfriend Vietnam?
Not just this minute.
Well, baby, me so horny.
Me so horny.
Me love you long time.
You party?
Yeah, we might party.
- How much?
- Fifteen dollar.
- Fifteen dollars for both of us.
- No. Each you $15.
Me love you long time.
Me so horny.
Fifteen dollar too beaucoup.
- Five dollars each.
- Me sucky-sucky.
Me love you too much.
Five dollars is all my
mum allows me to spend.
Okay. Ten dollar each.
What do we get for $10?
Everything you want.
- Everything?
- Everything.
Well, old buddy,
feel like spending
some of your hard-earned money?
Just a minute.
You know, half these
gook whores are
serving officers in the Vietcong.
The other half have got TB.
Be sure you only fuck
the ones that cough.
♪ And what he knows, you
ain't had time to learn ♪
♪ And that's just
what they'll do ♪
♪ One of these days these boots
are going to walk all over you ♪
That little sucker really had
some moves on him, didn't he?
Yeah.
You know what really pisses
me off about these people?
What?
We're supposed to be
helping them, and they
shit all over us every
chance they get.
I just can't feature that.
Don't take it too hard,
Rafterman. It's just business.
I hate Da Nang, Joker. I
wanna go out into the field.
I've been in country
almost three months...
and all I do is take handshake
shots at award ceremonies.
You'd get wasted your first day in
the field and it'd be my fault.
A high school girl
could do my job.
I wanna get out into the shit.
I wanna get some trigger time.
If you get killed,
your mum will find
me after I rotate
back to the world...
and she'll beat the
shit out of me.
That's a negative, Rafterman.
Okay, guys. Let's
keep it short and
sweet today. Anybody
got anything new?
There's a rumour going
around that the
Tet ceasefire is going
to be cancelled.
Rear-echelon paranoia.
A bro in intelligence
says Charlie might
try to pull off something
big during Tet.
They say the same
thing every year.
There's a lot of
talk about it, sir.
I wouldn't lose any sleep over it.
The Tet holiday is like
the Fourth of July,
Christmas and New Year
all rolled into one.
Every zipperhead in Nam, North and
South, will be banging gongs...
barking at the moon and
visiting his dead relatives.
Right. Ann-Margret and entourage
are due here next week.
I want someone on the airfield and
stick with her for
a couple of days.
- Rafterman, you take it.
- Aye, aye, sir.
And get some good low-angle stuff.
Don't make it too obvious, but I
wanna see fur and
early-morning dew.
- Yes, sir.
- "Diplomats in dungarees.
Marine engineers
lend a helping hand
rebuilding Dong Phuc
village recently..."
Chilli, if we move Vietnamese,
they are evacuees...
if they come to us to be
evacuated, they are refugees.
I'll make a note of it, sir.
"NVA soldier deserts
after reading pamphlets.
A young North Vietnamese
Army regular,
who realised his side
could not win...
deserted from his unit after
reading Open Arms pamphlets."
That's good, Dave. But why say
North Vietnamese Army regular?
Is there an irregular? How about
North Vietnamese Army soldier?
I'll fix it up, sir.
Lawrence Welk Show is
out on TV in two weeks.
Dave, do 100 words on it.
AFTV will give you
some background stuff.
Sir.
"Not while we're eating.
NVA learnt Marines on a
search-and-destroy mission...
don't like to be interrupted
while eating chow."
Search-and-destroy. We have a
new directive from MAF on this.
In future, in place of
search-and-destroy,
substitute the phrase
sweep-and-clear.
- Sweep-and-clear, got it?
- Got it. Very catchy.
And, Joker, where's the weenie?
Sir?
The kill, Joker. The
kill. I mean, all that
fire, the grunts must
have hit something.
Didn't see them.
Joker, I've told you, we run
two basic stories here.
Grunts who give half
their pay to buy
gooks toothbrushes and deodorants.
Winning of hearts and minds. Okay?
And combat action that results
in a kill. Winning the war.
Now, you must have seen
blood trails. Drag marks?
It was raining, sir.
Well, that's why God passed
the law of probability.
Now rewrite it and give it a
happy ending. Say, one killed.
Make it a sapper or
an officer. Which?
Whichever you say.
Grunts like reading
about dead officers.
Okay, an officer. How
about a general?
Joker...
maybe you'd like our guys to
read the paper and feel bad.
I mean, in case you
didn't know it,
this is not a very popular war.
Now, it is our job to
report the news...
that these why-are-we-here
civilian newsmen ignore.
Sir, maybe you should go
out on some ops yourself.
I'm sure you could find a lot
more blood trails and drag marks.
Joker, I've had my
ass in the grass.
Can't say I liked it much.
Lots of bugs and too dangerous.
As it happens, my present duties
keep me where I belong...
in the rear with the gear.
♪ Going to the chapel and
we're going to get married ♪
Tet. The year of the monkey.
Vietnamese Lunar New Year's Eve.
Down in Dogpatch, the gooks are
shooting off fireworks
to celebrate.
♪ Going to get married ♪
♪ Going to the chapel ♪
I am fucking bored to death, man.
I got to get back in the shit.
I ain't heard a shot
fired in anger in weeks.
Joker's so tough...
he'd eat the boogers out
of a dead man's nose...
then ask for seconds.
Listen up, pilgrim.
A day without blood is like
a day without sunshine.
Shit.
Joker thinks the bad bush is
between an old mama-san's legs.
He's never been in the shit.
It's hard to talk about it,
man. It's like on Hastings.
You weren't on Operation
Hastings, Payback.
- You weren't even in country.
- Eat shit and die...
you fucking Spanish-American.
You fucking pogue.
I was there, man.
I was in the shit with the grunts.
Don't listen to any of
Payback's bullshit, Rafterman.
Sometimes he thinks
he's John Wayne.
You listen to Joker, new guy.
He knows ti ti.
Very little.
You know he's never been in the
shit. He ain't got the stare.
- The stare?
- The thousand-yard stare.
A Marine gets it after he's
been in the shit for too long.
It's like...
It's like you're
really seeing beyond.
I got it.
All field Marines got it.
And you'll have it too.
I will?
Hey, Payback...
how do you stop five black dudes
from raping a white chick?
- Fuck you, Stork.
- Throw them a basketball.
- Incoming.
- Oh, shit.
Them are outgoing.
- That ain't outgoing.
Now, what did I just say?
Hey, I hope they're
just fucking with us.
- I ain't ready for this shit.
- Amen.
Cease fire.
- Cease fire.
The enemy...
has very deceitfully...
taken advantage of
the Tet ceasefire...
to launch an offensive
all over the country.
So far, we've had it
pretty easy here.
But we seem to be the exception.
Charlie has hit every
major military
target in Vietnam
and hit them hard.
In Saigon the United
States Embassy
has been overrun
by suicide squads.
- Shit.
- Jesus Christ, man.
Khe Sanh is standing
by to be overrun.
We also have reports that
a division of NVA...
has occupied all of the city of
Hue south of the Perfume River.
In strategic terms, Charlie's
cut the country in half...
the civilian press are about
to wet their pants...
and we've heard even
Cronkite's going
to say the war is now unwinnable.
In other words...
it's a huge shit
sandwich and we're
all going to have to take a bite.
Sir.
Does this mean that
Ann-Margret's not coming?
Joker, I want you to get
straight up to Phu Bai.
Captain January will
need all his people.
- Yes, sir.
- And, Joker...
you will take off
that damn button.
How's it going to look if you get
killed wearing a peace symbol?
Sir.
Permission to go with Joker?
- Permission granted.
- Thank you, sir.
Sir, permission not to
take Rafterman with me?
You still here?
Vanish, Joker, most ricky-tick,
and take Rafterman with you.
You're responsible for him.
Get some.
Get some. Get some. Yeah. Yeah.
Get some. Get some.
Come on. Come on.
Get some.
Get some, baby.
Get some. Get some. Get some.
Get some. Get some, come
on. Get it, come on.
Get some. Get some.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've got you, mother.
Anyone who runs is a VC.
Anyone who stands still...
is a well-disciplined VC.
You guys ought to do a
story about me sometime.
Why should we do a
story about you?
Because I'm so fucking good.
That ain't no shit neither.
I've done got me 157
dead gooks killed.
And 50 water buffaloes too.
Them are all certified.
Any women or children?
Sometimes.
How can you shoot
women and children?
Easy.
You just don't lead them so much.
Ain't war hell?
Top, we wanna get in the shit.
Down the road. Two-Five.
Two-Five. Outstanding.
Thanks, Top.
Excuse me.
Sir.
We're looking for 1st
Platoon, Hotel Two-Five.
I got a bro named Cowboy there.
You people one-one?
No, sir. We're reporters
from Stars and Stripes.
- Stars and Stripes?
- Yes, sir.
I'm Cowboy's platoon commander.
Cowboy's just down the
road in the platoon area.
- You mind if we tag along, sir?
- No problem. Welcome aboard.
By the way, my name's Schinoski.
Walter J. Schinoski.
My people call me Mr Touchdown.
I played ball for Notre Dame.
- Notre Dame?
- Yeah.
- All right.
- You here to make Cowboy famous?
Never happen, sir.
Well, if you people
came looking for
a story, this is your lucky day.
We got Condition Red and we're
definitely expecting rain.
Outstanding, sir. We
taking care of business?
Well, the NVA are dug in deep.
Hotel Company's still working
this side of the river...
street by street and
house by house.
Charles definitely got
his shit together...
but we're still getting
some decent kills here.
We heard some scuttlebutt,
sir, about the
NVA executing a lot
of gook civilians.
That's affirmative.
I saw some bodies about a half a
klick this side of Phu Cam Canal.
Will you show me where, sir?
Here's the canal.
The dead have been
covered with lime.
The dead know only one thing:
It is better to be alive.
Excuse me?
- Good morning, lieutenant.
- Morning.
I make it 20. Is that the
official body count, sir?
What outfit are you men with?
Sir, we're reporters
from Stars and Stripes.
- Oh, I see.
- I'm Sergeant Joker...
and this photographer
is Rafterman.
I'm Lieutenant Cleves and I'm
from Hartford, Connecticut.
- Have you got a body count, sir?
- We think it's 20.
Do you know how it happened, sir?
Well, it seems the NVA came
in with a list of gook names.
Government officials, policemen,
ARVIN officers, school teachers.
They went around to their
houses real polite...
and asked them to report the next
day for political re-education.
Everybody who turned up got shot.
Some they buried alive.
Ready.
Colonel.
Marine, what is that button
on your body armour?
A peace symbol, sir.
- Where did you get it?
- I don't remember, sir.
What is that written
on your helmet?
Born to kill, sir.
You write born to kill on your
helmet and wear a peace button.
What's that supposed to be,
some kind of sick joke?
- No, sir.
- What is it supposed to mean?
I don't know, sir.
- You don't know much.
- No, sir.
Get your head and your ass wired
together or I will
take a shit on you.
- Yes, sir.
- Now answer my question...
or you'll be standing
tall before the man.
I was trying to suggest something
about the duality of man, sir.
The what?
The duality of man. The
Jungian thing, sir.
- Whose side are you on, son?
- Our side, sir.
- You love your country?
- Yes, sir.
How about getting
with the program.
Jump on the team and come
on in for the big win.
Yes, sir.
All I've asked of my
Marines is for them to
obey my orders as they
would God's word.
We are here to help
the Vietnamese...
because inside every gook there
is an American trying to get out.
It's a hardball world, son.
We've got to try to keep our heads
until this peace craze blows over.
Aye, aye, sir.
Hey, bro. We're looking for
1st Platoon, Hotel Two-Five.
Around the back.
- First Platoon?
- Yeah, through there.
♪ Woolly Bully ♪
♪ Watch it, now, watch it ♪
♪ Here it come, here it come ♪
♪ Watch it, man, he getcha ♪
♪ Mattie told Hattie ♪
Hey, Lone Ranger.
♪ Had two big horns ♪
- Holy shit. It's the Joker.
- You old motherfucker.
- ♪ Woolly Bully ♪
- ♪ Yeah, drive ♪
What's happening?
Thought I hoped I'd never see
you again, you piece of shit.
What's happening, man?
Oh, just waiting to get back
to the land of the big PX.
Yeah? Well, why go back?
Here or there, samey-same.
- Been getting any?
- Only your sister.
Well, better my sister than my
mum, though my mum's not bad.
Hey, you Hogs, listen up.
This is my bro, Joker, from
the Island, and this is...?
- Rafterman.
They're from Stars and Stripes.
They'll make you famous.
- Fucking A.
- Yeah.
We're the Lusthog Squad.
We're life-takers
and heartbreakers.
We shoot them full of holes
and fill them full of lead.
You a photographer?
No, I'm a combat correspondent.
Oh, you seen much combat?
Well, I've seen a little on TV.
You're a real comedian.
Well, they call me the Joker.
Well, I got a joke for you.
I'm going to tear
you a new asshole.
Well, pilgrim...
only after you eat the
peanuts out of my shit.
You talk the talk.
Do you walk the walk?
Now, you might not believe it...
but under fire, Animal
Mother's one of
the finest human
beings in the world.
All he needs is
somebody to throw hand
grenades at him the
rest of his life.
That's a roger, come on. Sit
down. Come on, new guy.
♪ Woolly bully ♪
Hey, jungle-bunny.
Thank God for the
sickle cell, huh?
Yeah, Mother.
Hey, photographer.
You wanna take a good picture?
Here, man.
Take this.
♪ Come and learn to dance ♪
♪ Woolly bully ♪
This is my bro.
♪ Woolly bully Woolly bully ♪
♪ Watch it, now,
watch it, watch it ♪
This is his party.
He's the guest of honour.
Today is his birthday.
Happy birthday, zipperhead.
I will never forget this day.
The day I came to Hue City and
fought 1 million NVA gooks.
I love the little commie
bastards, man, I really do.
These enemy grunts are as hard
as slant-eyed drill instructors.
These are great days
we're living, bros.
We are jolly green giants,
walking the earth with guns.
These people we
wasted here today...
are the finest human
beings we will ever know.
♪ Watch it, now, watch
it here it come ♪
After we rotate back
to the world...
we're going to miss not having
anyone around who's
worth shooting.
- Stay put, keep your heads down.
- Stay put.
Stay put.
Shit.
Delta Six Actual,
this is Murphy. Over.
Delta Six.
Delta Six, we are receiving
incoming fire from the vill.
The lieutenant is down.
We're going to stop here and check
out what's in front of us. Over.
Okay, Lusthog Squad, listen up.
Going to move up these
roads and check the vill.
I want the third team
up this road here.
First and second fire team behind
me up this other road, okay?
Let's go. Let's get it done.
♪ Bird, bird, bird
Bird's the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird,
bird Bird is the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird, bird
Well, a-bird is the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird,
bird Bird's the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird, bird
Well, a-bird is the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird
Bird's the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird,
bird Bird's the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird, bird
Well, a-bird is the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird
Bird's the word ♪
♪ Well, don't you know
about the bird? ♪
♪ Well, everybody knows
that the bird is the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird
Bird's the bird ♪
♪ Well, everybody's
heard about the bird ♪
♪ Bird, bird, bird
Bird's the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird,
bird Bird's the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird
Bird's the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird,
bird Bird's the word ♪
♪ Well, don't you know
about the bird? ♪
♪ Well, everybody talking
about the bird ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird
Bird's the word ♪
♪ Surfing bird ♪
Is that you, John
Wayne? Is this me?
Hey, start the cameras.
This is Vietnam: The Movie.
Yeah, Joker can be John
Wayne, I'll be a horse.
- T. H. E. Rock can be a rock.
- I'll be Ann-Margret.
Animal Mother can
be a rabid buffalo.
- I'll be General Custer.
- Who'll be the Indian?
Hey, we'll let the gooks
play the Indians.
♪ Well, don't you know
about the bird? ♪
♪ Well, everybody knows
that the bird is the word ♪
♪ Well, a-bird, bird
Bird's the word ♪
You're going home now.
Semper fi.
We're mean Marines, sir.
Go easy, bros.
Better you than me.
Well, at least they
died for a good cause.
What cause was that?
Freedom.
Flush out your headgear, new guy.
You think we waste
gooks for freedom?
This is a slaughter.
If I'm going to get my balls
blown off for a word...
my word is poon tang.
Tough break for Hand Job.
He was all set to get
shipped out on a medical.
What was the matter with him?
He was jerking off 10 times a day.
It's no shit. At least
10 times a day.
Last week he was sent down to Da
Nang to see the
Navy head shrinker.
The crazy fucker starts jerking
off in the waiting room.
Instant Section Eight.
He was just waiting for his
papers to clear Division.
You ready? Turn over.
Hue City interviews, roll 34.
Well, like... Like you see, you
know, it's a major city...
so we have to assault with
tanks, we roll in the streets.
So they send us in
first to squat...
make sure that there
are no little...
No Vietnamese waiting with B-40
rockets to blow the tanks away.
So we clear it out and
we roll the tanks in...
and basically blow
the place to hell.
When we're in Hue, when
we're in Hue City...
it's like a war, you know...
like what... What...
What I thought about a war,
what I thought a war was...
You know, was supposed to be.
There's the enemy, you kill them.
I don't think there's any question
about it. I mean, we're the best.
I mean, all that bullshit
about the Air Cav...
When the shit hits the
fan, who do they call?
They call Mother Green
and her killing machine.
Do I think America
belongs in Vietnam?
I don't know. I belong in
Vietnam, I'll tell you that.
Can I quote LBJ?
"I will not send American boys...
8 or 10,000 miles
around the world...
to do a job that Asian boys ought
to be doing for themselves."
Personally think they don't really
want to be involved in this war...
you know, I mean, like
they... It's sort of like...
they took away our freedom and
gave it to the gookers, you know.
But they don't want it.
They'd rather be alive than
free, I guess, you know.
Poor, dumb bastards.
Well, the ones I'm fighting at are
some pretty... Pretty bad boys.
I'm not real...
I'm not real keen on
some of these fellas...
that are supposedly on our side.
I keep meeting them
coming the other way.
Yeah.
I mean, we're getting
killed for these people...
and they don't even appreciate it.
They think it's a big joke.
Well, if you ask me...
we're shooting the wrong gooks.
Well, it depends on
the situation. I
mean, I'm here to
take combat photos.
But if the shit gets too thick,
I mean, I'll go to the rifle.
What do I think about America's
involvement in the war?
Well, I think we should win.
I hate Vietnam.
There's not one horse
in this whole country.
They don't have one
horse in Vietnam.
There's something basically
wrong with that.
Well, if they'd send
us more guys, maybe...
and bomb the hell out of the
North, they might give up.
I wanted to see exotic Vietnam,
the jewel of South-east Asia.
I wanted to meet interesting
and stimulating
people of an ancient culture...
and kill them.
I wanted to be the first kid on
my block to get a confirmed kill.
Ten-hut.
- All right.
- My, oh, my.
- Good morning, little schoolgirl.
- Look at this lady.
I'm a little schoolboy too.
My, my, my.
- What you got there, chief?
- Do you want number one fucky?
Hey, any of you boys
want number one fucky?
I'm so horny, I can't
even get a piece of hand.
Me want sucky.
Sucky, fucky, smoke
cigarette in her pussy.
She give you everything
you want, long time.
Everything you want. Hey,
how much there, chief?
- Fifteen dollars each.
- No.
Fifteen dollar beaucoup money.
Five dollar each.
Come on, she love you good.
Boom-boom long time.
- Ten dollars.
- Five dollars.
No. Ten dollars.
Be glad to trade you
some ARVIN rifles.
Ain't never been fired
and only dropped once.
Okay, $5. You give me.
- Okay, okay.
- All right.
Let's get mounted.
Something wrong there, chief?
She says no boom-boom
with soul brother.
What the motherfuck?
She says soul brother too
beaucoup, too beaucoup.
What is this, man?
I think what he's
trying to tell you
is you black boys
pack too much meat.
Too beaucoup, too beaucoup.
Oh, shit.
This baby-san looks like she could
suck the chrome off
a trailer hitch.
She say too beaucoup,
too beaucoup.
Excuse me, madam.
What we have here,
little yellow sister...
is a magnificent specimen
of pure Alabama blacksnake.
But it ain't too goddamn beaucoup.
Okay, okay.
All right. Yeah.
This is my boogie.
- Hey, we need a batting order.
- I'm going first.
Back off, white bread. Don't get
between a dog and his meat.
All fucking niggers
must fucking hang.
- Hey, Animal, man.
- You son of a...
Hey, hey, I won't be long.
I'll skip the foreplay.
- I don't want it after you, man.
- Fuck you.
Intelligence passed
the word down...
that during the night the NVA
had pulled out of our area...
to positions across
the Perfume River.
Our squad is sent on patrol
to check out the report.
Face outboard and
take cover. Do it.
Shit.
He ain't going to make it.
Hotel One Actual, this is Cowboy.
Hotel One. Over.
Murph, this is Cowboy.
Crazy's hit. Booby trap.
Wait, One.
Okay. You're senior NCO,
Cowboy. You're in charge.
- Continue with the patrol...
- Shit.
And call in at the
next checkpoint.
Shit.
Roger. Out.
I'm squad leader.
Follow you anywhere, scumbag.
All right.
He's dead.
Cowboy.
What's up?
I think we made a mistake
at the last checkpoint.
Here, see what you think.
I think we're here...
and we should be here.
- We're here?
- Yeah.
- We should be here?
- Yeah. Yeah, that's right.
Fuck.
What do you think?
Well, I think we should
change direction.
Okay.
We'll change direction.
What's up?
Changing direction.
What are we, lost?
Joker, shut the fuck up.
Okay, listen up.
- Can you hear me?
- Yeah.
Okay, we're changing direction.
We're heading over that way.
Eightball's going to go over there
and see can he find a way through.
- Got it?
- Got it.
Eightball, let's dance.
Put a nigger behind the trigger.
Fuck.
Cease fire.
Cease fire, goddamn it.
Cool it, goddamn it.
Cool it. Cease fire.
- Hold it.
- Cease fire.
Okay, listen up. Did anybody see a
sniper? Did anybody see anything?
Anybody see a sniper?
- Nothing.
- Negative.
Okay, then save your ammo.
Nobody fire till I tell you.
Eightball.
No, no. Cease fire. Cease fire.
Animal, cease fire.
Cowboy, it's Sergeant Murphy.
This is Cowboy. Over.
This is Murphy. What is your
present position? Over.
Murph, we're receiving
enemy sniper fire.
Eightball is down.
Our position is about half a
klick north of Checkpoint Four.
Believe possible
strong enemy forces
occupying buildings
in front of us.
Request immediate
tank support. Over.
Roger. Understand.
I'll see what I can do. Over.
Roger. Over and out.
- Stay close.
- Got it.
Okay, listen up. I think we're
being set up for an ambush.
I think there may be strong enemy
forces in those
buildings over there.
I've requested tank support.
We're going to sit tight till it
comes, but keep your eyes open.
If they decide to hit us,
we'll have to pull back fast.
Goddamn it. Halt. Cease
your fire, Mother.
- Cease your fucking fire.
- Cowboy.
- What?
- We can't leave him out there.
We're not leaving him, we'll get
him when the tank comes up.
He's hit three fucking times.
He can't wait that long.
I seen this before.
That sniper's just trying to
suck us in, one at a time.
Goddamn it. No.
Goddamn it, cease
fire. Cease fire.
Man, fuck this...
Fuck this shit. I'm going
in to bring him out.
No, you sit the fuck
down, goddamn it.
Cover me.
Cease fire, he's there.
Cease fire.
Hold your fire.
Cease fire, you can't
see the sniper.
Save the ammo. Nobody fire
till I tell you. Nobody.
Hold your fire.
What the fuck do
we do now, Cowboy?
Give me that fucking radio.
Murph? This is Cowboy. Over.
This is Murphy. Over.
Murph, we're in some deep
shit. I got two men down.
What's the story on that
fucking tank? Over.
Sorry, Cowboy. No luck
so far with the tank.
Will advise. Over.
Roger. Out.
Numb-nut bastards.
- Okay, listen up.
- Listen up.
Can't afford to wait for the tank.
I think they're going
to hit us any minute.
When they do, we won't
have time to pull out.
We got to do it now.
Let's get ready to move.
- Ready to pull out.
- Wait a minute. Hold it.
Hold it, nobody's pulling out.
There's only one sniper there.
Back off, Mother.
I'm calling the plays. I
say we're pulling out.
Well, what about Doc
Jay and Eightball?
I know it's a shitty
thing to do, but we
can't refuse to
accept the situation.
We're not leaving Doc Jay
and Eightball out there.
Doc Jay and Eightball are wasted.
- You know that.
- Bullshit. Come on, you guys.
We got to bring them back.
Let's get them, let's do it.
Stand down, Mother.
That's a direct order.
Fuck you, Cowboy. Fuck
all you assholes.
- Goddamn it.
- Fucking son of a bitch.
You motherfucker.
Doc. Doc. Doc.
Where's the sniper?
Doc, where's the sniper?
Shit.
Shit. Fuck.
Fuck.
Hey, Cowboy.
Yeah?
Doc Jay and Eightball are wasted.
There's only one
sniper, nothing else.
Move up the squad,
you're clear up to here.
Come on.
Son of a bitch.
- Okay, listen up.
- Listen up.
No-Doze, Stutten,
Donlon, Rock, you
come with me, we'll take a look.
The rest of you all stay
put and cover our ass.
We may be coming
back in a big hurry.
- I'm going with you.
- I'm coming too.
Okay.
- You all set?
- Yeah.
Let's move out.
Let's do it.
Hey, Cowboy.
Top of the black building,
around the corner.
Donlon, give me that radio.
Murphy, this is Cowboy. Over.
Cowboy.
Holy shit. That sniper's
got a clean shot.
Get him the fuck out of here.
- I ain't got a first aid.
- I don't believe this shit.
- Give me your hand.
- Shut up.
- Take it easy, Cowboy.
- Don't move.
- Shit.
- That son of a bitch.
- You'll be all right.
- You're going home.
- Shut up.
- Don't shit me.
You know I'm not
going to shit you,
man. You're my favourite turd.
Come on. Easy.
Here you go.
- Cowboy.
- Hang on, man. Hang on.
I can hack it. I can hack it.
- I can hack it.
- You can hack it, man.
Let's go get some payback.
Okay.
Watch that fucking hole.
Throw some smoke.
Okay, ready?
Donlon, Rock, that way.
You two, with me.
Joker, in there. New guy.
We got the sniper.
Joker?
Yo.
What's up?
We got the sniper.
I saved Joker's ass.
I got the sniper.
I fucking blew her away.
Am I bad?
Am I a life-taker?
Am I a heartbreaker?
What's she saying?
She's praying.
No more boom-boom
for this baby-san.
There's nothing we can do for her.
She's dead meat.
Okay.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
What about her?
Fuck her.
Let her rot.
We can't just leave her here.
Hey, asshole.
Cowboy's wasted.
You're fresh out of friends.
I'm running this squad now...
and I say we leave the gook
for the mother-loving rats.
I'm not trying to run this squad.
I'm just saying we can't
leave her like this.
Shoot me.
Shoot...
me.
Shoot.
If you wanna waste her, go on...
waste her.
Shoot...
me.
Shoot me.
Shoot...
me.
Shoot.
Joker...
we're going to have
to put you up for
the Congressional Medal of Ugly.
Hard-core, man.
Fucking hard-core.
We have nailed our names in the
pages of history enough for today.
We hump down to the Perfume
River to set in for the night.
♪ M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E ♪
♪ We play fair and we work
hard and we're in harmony ♪
♪ M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E ♪
- ♪ Mickey Mouse ♪
♪ Forever let us hold our
banner high high. High. High ♪
♪ Boys and girls from far and
near you're welcome as can be ♪
♪ M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E ♪
♪ Who's the leader of the club ♪
My thoughts drift back to
erect-nipple wet dreams...
about Mary Jane Rottencrotch and
the great homecoming-fuck fantasy.
I am so happy that I am alive...
in one piece and short.
I am in a world of shit, yes...
but I am alive.
And I am not afraid.
♪ And join our family ♪
♪ M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E ♪
♪ Who's the leader of the club
that's made for you and me? ♪
♪ M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E ♪
♪ Hey there, hi there, ho there
you're as welcome as can be ♪
♪ M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E ♪
- ♪ Mickey Mouse
- Mickey Mouse ♪
♪ I see a red door and I
want it painted black ♪
♪ No colours any more, I
want them to turn black ♪
♪ I see the girls walk by dressed
in their summer clothes ♪
♪ I have to turn my head
until my darkness goes ♪
♪ I see a line of cars and
they're all painted black ♪
♪ With flowers and my love
both never to come back ♪
♪ I see people turn their
heads and quickly look away ♪
♪ Like a newborn baby, it
just happens every day ♪
♪ I look inside myself and
see my heart is black ♪
♪ I see my red door, I must
have it painted black ♪
♪ Maybe then I'll fade away and
not have to face the facts ♪
♪ It's not easy facing up when
your whole world is black ♪
♪ No more will my green sea
go turn a deeper blue ♪
♪ I could not foresee this
thing happening to you ♪
♪ If I look hard enough
into the setting sun ♪
♪ My love will laugh with me
before the morning comes ♪
♪ I see a red door and I
want it painted black ♪
♪ No colours any more, I
want them to turn black ♪
♪ I see the girls walk by dressed
in their summer clothes ♪
♪ I have to turn my head
until my darkness goes ♪
♪ I wanna see it painted
painted black ♪
♪ Black as night, black as coal ♪
♪ I wanna see the sun ♪
♪ Blotted out from the sky ♪
♪ I wanna see it painted, painted,
painted painted black ♪
♪ Yeah ♪